add a README in target data (#717)
CDCgov/covid19-forecast-hub: target-data/README.md

Reviewer: - Mention `as_of` column / vintaging 
- mention that we are deprecating  `covid-hospital-admissions.csv` and will eventually remove it (so people should re-point any dependent workflows at `time-series.parquet`

Reviewer: Thanks!

### Target Data Dictionary

The following columns are included in `time-series.parquet`:

| Column      | Description                                                        |
|-------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `date`      | Date of observation (YYYY-MM-DD)                                   |
| `location`  | Location code (2 digits FIPS or `"US"` for national data)          |    
| `state`     | State abbreviation or `"US"` for national data                     |
| `observation` | Numeric value for the target                                     |
| `as_of`     | Date the data was retrieved or processed                           |
| `target`    | Description of the metric (e.g., `"wk inc covid hosp"`)            |

### Deprecation Notice

The file `covid-hospital-admissions.csv` is being deprecated and will eventually be removed from this repository.   *Please update any workflows or scripts to use `time-series.parquet` instead.*

## Hospital Admissions Data

> The hospital admission prediction target `wk inc covid hosp` is the weekly number of confirmed COVID-19 hospital admissions based on [NHSN Hospital Respiratory Reporting](https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/psc/hospital-respiratory-reporting.html). [Weekly official counts](https://data.cdc.gov/Public-Health-Surveillance/Weekly-Hospital-Respiratory-Data-HRD-Metrics-by-Ju/ua7e-t2fy/about_data) are publicly released on Fridays. [Preliminary counts](https://data.cdc.gov/Public-Health-Surveillance/Weekly-Hospital-Respiratory-Data-HRD-Metrics-by-Ju/mpgq-jmmr/about_data) are released on Wednesdays. We update the target data files every Wednesday with latest values of incident covid-19 hospitalizations in the [target-data directory](target-data/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hospital admission prediction target `wk inc covid hosp` is the weekly number of confirmed COVID-19 hospital admissions based on [NHSN Hospital Respiratory Reporting](https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/psc/hospital-respiratory-reporting.html). [Weekly official counts](https://data.cdc.gov/Public-Health-Surveillance/Weekly-Hospital-Respiratory-Data-HRD-Metrics-by-Ju/ua7e-t2fy/about_data) are publicly released on Fridays. [Preliminary counts](https://data.cdc.gov/Public-Health-Surveillance/Weekly-Hospital-Respiratory-Data-HRD-Metrics-by-Ju/mpgq-jmmr/about_data) are released on Wednesdays. We update files in the [target-data directory](target-data/) every Wednesday with latest reported incident COVID-19 admissions values.
```

## Emergency Department Visits Data

> The emergency department visits prediction target `wk inc covid prop ed visits` is the weekly proportion of emergency department (ED) visits due to COVID-19 based on [National Syndromic Surveillance Program](https://www.cdc.gov/nssp/index.html) (NSSP) [Emergency Department Visits - COVID-19, Flu, RSV, Sub-state](https://data.cdc.gov/Public-Health-Surveillance/NSSP-Emergency-Department-Visit-Trajectories-by-St/rdmq-nq56/about_data) dataset. Although these numbers are reported in the percentage form, we accept forecasts as decimal proportions and is represented as such in the [`time-series.parquet`](time-series.parquet) file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The emergency department visits prediction target `wk inc covid prop ed visits` is the weekly proportion of emergency department (ED) visits due to COVID-19 based on [National Syndromic Surveillance Program](https://www.cdc.gov/nssp/index.html) (NSSP) [Emergency Department Visits - COVID-19, Flu, RSV, Sub-state](https://data.cdc.gov/Public-Health-Surveillance/NSSP-Emergency-Department-Visit-Trajectories-by-St/rdmq-nq56/about_data) dataset. Although these numbers are reported in the percentage form, we accept forecasts as decimal proportions. The target data values are therefore expressed that way in the [`time-series.parquet`](time-series.parquet) target data file. 
```

## Hospital Admissions Data
The hospital admission prediction target `wk inc covid hosp` is the weekly number of confirmed COVID-19 hospital admissions based on [NHSN Hospital Respiratory Reporting](https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/psc/hospital-respiratory-reporting.html). [Weekly official counts](https://data.cdc.gov/Public-Health-Surveillance/Weekly-Hospital-Respiratory-Data-HRD-Metrics-by-Ju/ua7e-t2fy/about_data) are publicly released on Fridays. [Preliminary counts](https://data.cdc.gov/Public-Health-Surveillance/Weekly-Hospital-Respiratory-Data-HRD-Metrics-by-Ju/mpgq-jmmr/about_data) are released on Wednesdays. We update the target data files every Wednesday with latest values of incident covid-19 hospitalizations in the [target-data directory](target-data/).

## Emergency Department Visits Data

> The emergency department visits prediction target `wk inc covid prop ed visits` is the weekly percent of emergency department (ED) visits due to COVID-19 based on [National Syndromic Surveillance Program](https://www.cdc.gov/nssp/index.html) (NSSP) [Emergency Department Visits - COVID-19, Flu, RSV, Sub-state](https://data.cdc.gov/Public-Health-Surveillance/NSSP-Emergency-Department-Visit-Trajectories-by-St/rdmq-nq56/about_data) dataset.

Reviewer: Add something about data updates here too?
